[Docs] Refactor `4_train_test.md` (#2038)
open-mmlab/mmaction2: docs/en/user_guides/4_train_test.md

NNODES=2 NODE_RANK=1 PORT=$MASTER_PORT MASTER_ADDR=$MASTER_ADDR bash tools/dist_train.sh $CONFIG $GPUS
```

> Compared with multi-GPUs in a single machine, you need to specify some extra environment variables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following extra environment variables need to be specified to train or test models with multiple machines:
```
